　　All That Is Beautiful——Poems and Passages of Life
　　世界上最美丽的英文——人生短篇

　　闭上眼睛，细数你生命中最美丽的瞬间……

　　在寒冷的日子里接到远方朋友暖暖的问候；
　　读到一篇优美的诗歌，馨香绕怀久久不忘；
　　看到白浪银沙和地平线，第一次来到海边；
　　小雨点与莫扎特的音符一起跳跃在深院中；
　　走在街上，偶然的一景触动了深藏的希望；
　　还有，流星雨划过天际的弧线；
　　还有，夜场电影唤醒的灵感；
　　……
　　这是你的人生，它和四季一样有扬有落，然而当中的美从不逊色。
　　翻开这本书，它也成为了你的一个瞬间；
　　阅读的快乐，学习的快乐，生之快乐。

　　Thing do not change; we change.Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.
　　万物不变，是我们在变。你的衣服可以卖掉，但要保留你的思想。　　Henry David Thoreau


第一篇：

　　A Grain of Sand
　　一粒沙子
　　William Blake/威廉.布莱克

　　To see a world in a grain of sand,
　　从一粒沙子看到一个世界，
　　And a heaven in a wild fllower,
　　从一朵野花看到一个天堂，
　　Hold infinity in the palm of your hand,
　　把握在你手心里的就是无限，
　　And eternity in an hour.
　　永恒也就消融于一个时辰。


　　A Grain of Sand

　　To see a world in a grain of sand,
　　And a heaven in a wild fllower,
　　Hold infinity in the palm of your hand,
　　And eternity in an hour.

　　William Blake

第二篇：
　　Love Your Life
　　热爱生活
　　Henry David Thoreau/享利.大卫.梭罗

　　However mean your life is,meet it and live it ;do not shun it and call it hard names.It is not so bad as you are.It looks poorest when you are richest.The fault-finder will find faults in paradise.Love your life,poor as it is.You may perhaps have some pleasant,thrilling,glorious hourss,even in a poor-house.The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms-house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there,and have as cheering thoughts,as in a palace.The town's poor seem to me often to live the most independent lives of any.May be they are simply great enough to receive without misgiving.Most think that they are above being supported by the town;but it often happens that they are not above supporting themselves by dishonest means.which should be more disreputable.Cultivate poverty like a garden herb,like sage.Do not trouble yourself much to get new things,whether clothes or friends,Turn the old,return to them.Things do not change;we change.Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.

　　不论你的生活如何卑贱，你要面对它生活，不要躲避它，更别用恶言咒骂它。它不像你那样坏。你最富有的时候，倒是看似最穷。爱找缺点的人就是到天堂里也能找到缺点。你要爱你的生活，尽管它贫穷。甚至在一个济贫院里，你也还有愉快、高兴、光荣的时候。夕阳反射在济贫院的窗上，像身在富户人家窗上一样光亮；在那门前，积雪同在早春融化。我只看到，一个从容的人，在哪里也像在皇宫中一样，生活得心满意足而富有愉快的思想。城镇中的穷人，我看，倒往往是过着最独立不羁的生活。也许因为他们很伟大，所以受之无愧。大多数人以为他们是超然的，不靠城镇来支援他们；可是事实上他们是往往利用了不正当的手段来对付生活，他们是毫不超脱的，毋宁是不体面的。视贫穷如园中之花而像圣人一样耕植它吧！不要找新的花样，无论是新的朋友或新的衣服，来麻烦你自己。找旧的，回到那里去。万物不变，是我们在变。你的衣服可以卖掉，但要保留你的思想。


　　Love Your Life

　　However mean your life is,meet it and live it ;do not shun it and call it hard names.It is not so bad as you are.It looks poorest when you are richest.The fault-finder will find faults in paradise.Love your life,poor as it is.You may perhaps have some pleasant,thrilling,glorious hourss,even in a poor-house.The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the alms-house as brightly as from the rich man's abode;the snow melts before its door as early in the spring.I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there,and have as cheering thoughts,as in a palace.The town's poor seem to me often to live the most independent lives of any.May be they are simply great enough to receive without misgiving.Most think that they are above being supported by the town;but it often happens that they are not above supporting themselves by dishonest means.which should be more disreputable.Cultivate poverty like a garden herb,like sage.Do not trouble yourself much to get new things,whether clothes or friends,Turn the old,return to them.Things do not change;we change.Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts.

第三篇：
　　These Things Shall Never Die
　　这些美好不会消逝
　　Charles Dickens/查尔斯.狄更斯

　　The pure.the bright,the beautiful, 一切纯洁的,辉煌的,美丽的,
　　That stirred our hearts in youth, 强烈地震撼着我们年轻的心灵的,
　　The impulses to wordless prayer, 推动着我们做无言的祷告的,
　　The dreams of love and truth; 让我们梦想着爱与真理的;
　　The longing after something's lost, 在失去后为之感到珍惜的,
　　The spirit's yearning cry, 使灵魂深切地呼喊着的,
　　The striving after better hopes- 为了更美好的梦想而奋斗着的-
　　These things can never die. 这些美好不会消逝。

　　The timid hand stretched forth to aid 羞怯地伸出援助的手，
　　A brother in his need, 在你的弟兄需要的时候，
　　A kindly word in grief's dark hour 伤恸、困难的时候，一句亲切的话
　　That proves a friend indeed ; 就足以证明朋友的真心；
　　The plea for mercy softly breathed, 轻声地乞求怜悯，
　　When justice threatens nigh, 在审判临近的时候，
　　The sorrow of a contrite heart- 懊悔的心有一种伤感--
　　These things shall never die. 这些美好不会消逝。

　　Let nothing pass for every hand 在人间传递温情
　　Must find some work to do ; 尽你所能地去做；
　　Lose not a chance to waken love- 别错失去了唤醒爱的良机-----
　　Be firm,and just ,and true; 为人要坚定，正直，忠诚；
　　So shall a light that cannot fade 因此上方照耀着你的那道光芒
　　Beam on thee from on high. 就不会消失。
　　And angel voices say to thee---你将听到天使的声音在说-----
　　These things shall never die. 这些美好不会消逝。


第四篇：
　　Think it over……好好想想……

　　Today we have higher buildings and wider highways,but shorter temperaments and narrower points of view;
　　今天我们拥有了更高层的楼宇以及更宽阔的公路，但是我们的性情却更为急躁，眼光也更加狭隘；

　　We spend more,but enjoy less;
　　我们消耗的更多，享受到的却更少；

　　We have bigger houses,but smaller famillies;
　　我们的住房更大了，但我们的家庭却更小了；

　　We have more compromises,but less time;
　　我们妥协更多，时间更少；

　　We have more knowledge,but less judgment;
　　我们拥有了更多的知识，可判断力却更差了；

　　We have more medicines,but less health;
　　我们有了更多的药品，但健康状况却更不如意；

　　We have multiplied out possessions,but reduced out values;
　　我们拥有的财富倍增，但其价值却减少了；

　　We talk much,we love only a little,and we hate too much;
　　我们说的多了，爱的却少了，我们的仇恨也更多了；

　　We reached the Moon and came back,but we find it troublesome to cross our own street and meet our neighbors;
　　我们可以往返月球，但却难以迈出一步去亲近我们的左邻右舍；

　　We have conquered the uter space,but not our inner space;
　　我们可以征服外太空，却征服不了我们的内心；

　　We have highter income,but less morals;
　　我们的收入增加了，但我们的道德却少了；

　　These are times with more liberty,but less joy;
　　我们的时代更加自由了，但我们拥有的快乐时光却越来越少；

　　We have much more food,but less nutrition;
　　我们有了更多的食物，但所能得到的营养却越来越少了；

　　These are the days in which it takes two salaries for each home,but divorces increase;
　　现在每个家庭都可以有双份收入，但离婚的现象越来越多了；

　　These are times of finer houses,but more broken homes;
　　现在的住房越来越精致，但我们也有了更多破碎的家庭；

　　That's why I propose,that as of today;
　　这就是我为什么要说，让我们从今天开始；

　　You do not keep anything for a special occasion.because every day that you live is a SPECIAL OCCASION.
　　不要将你的东西为了某一个特别的时刻而预留着，因为你生活的每一天都是那么特别；

　　Search for knowledge,read more ,sit on your porch and admire the view without paying attention to your needs;
　　寻找更多的知识，多读一些书，坐在你家的前廊里，以赞美的眼光去享受眼前的风景，不要带上任何功利的想法；

　　Spend more time with your family and friends,eat your favorite foods,visit the places you love;
　　花多点时间和朋友与家人在一起，吃你爱吃的食物，去你想去的地方；

　　Life is a chain of moments of enjoyment;not only about survival;
　　生活是一串串的快乐时光；我们不仅仅是为了生存而生存；

　　Use your crystal goblets.Do not save your best perfume,and use it every time you feel you want it.
　　举起你的水晶酒杯吧。不要吝啬洒上你最好的香水，你想用的时候就享用吧！

　　Remove from your vocabulary phrases like"one of these days"or "someday";
　　从你的词汇库中移去所谓的“有那么一天”或者“某一天”；

　　Let's write that letter we thought of writing "one of these days"!
　　曾打算“有那么一天”去写的信，就在今天吧！

　　Let's tell our families and friends how much we love them;
　　告诉家人和朋友，我们是多么地爱他们；

　　Do not delay anything that adds laughter and joy to your life;
　　不要延迟任何可以给你的生活带来欢笑与快乐的事情；

　　Every day,every hour,and every minute is special;
　　每一天、每一小时、每一分钟都是那么特别；

　　And you don't know if it will be your last.
　　你无从知道这是否最后时刻。


第五篇：
　　The life I desired
　　我所追求的生活
　　威廉.萨姆塞特.毛姆/William Somerset Maugham

　　That must be the story of innumerable couples,and the pattern of lifeof life it offers has a homely grace.It reminds you of a placid rivulet,meandering smoohtly through green pastures and shaded by pleasant trees,till at last it falls into the vasty sea;but the sea is so calm,so silent,so infifferent,that you are troubled suddently by a vague uneasiness.Perhaps it is only by a kink in my nature,strong in me even in those days,that i felt in such an existence,the share of the great majority,something amiss.I recognized its social value.I saw its ordered happiness,but a fever in my blood asked for a wilder course.There seemed to me something alarming in such easy delights.In my heart was desire to live more dangerously.I was not unprepared for jagged rocks and treacherous,shoals it I could only have change-change and the exicitement of unforeseen.

　　这一定是世间无数对夫妻的生活写照，这种生活模式给人一种天伦之美。它使人想起一条平静的溪流，蜿蜒畅游过绿茵的草场，浓荫遮蔽，最后注入烟波浩渺的汪洋大海；但是大海太过平静，太过沉默，太过不动声色，你会突然感到莫名的不安。也许这只是我自己的一种怪诞想法，在那样的时代，这想法对我影响很深：我觉得这像大多数人一样的生活，似乎欠缺了一点儿什么。我承认这种生活有社会价值，我也看到了它那井然有序的幸福，但我血液里的冲动却渴望一种更桀骜不驯的旅程．这样的安逸中好像有一种叫我惊惧不安的东西．我的心渴望一种更加惊险的生活。只要生活中还能有变迁———以及不可知的刺激，我愿意踏上怪石嶙峋的山崖，奔赴暗礁满布的海滩。


第六篇:
　　Virtue 美德
　　G.Herbert/赫伯特

　　Sweet day,so cool,so calm,so bright! 甜美的白昼，如此凉爽、安宁、明媚！
　　The bridal of the earth and sky- 天地间完美的匹配-----
　　The dew shall weep thy fall to-night; 今宵的露珠儿将为你的消逝而落泪；
　　For thou must die. 因为你必须离去。
　　Sweet rose,whose hue angry and brave, 美丽的玫瑰，色泽红润艳丽，
　　Bids the rash gazer wipe his eye, 令匆匆而过的人拭目而视，
　　Thy root is ever in its grave, 你的根永远扎在坟墓里，
　　And thou must die. 而你必须消逝。

　　Sweet spring,full of sweet days and roses, 美妙的春天，充满了美好的日子和芳香的玫瑰，
　　A box where sweets compacted lie, 如一支芬芳满溢的盒子，
　　My music shows ye have your closes, 我的音乐表明你们也有终止，
　　And all must die, 万物都得消逝。

　　Only a sweet and virtuous soul, 唯有美好而正直的心灵，
　　Like season'd timber,never gives; 犹如干燥备用的木料，永不走样；
　　But though the whole world turn to coal, 纵然整个世界变为灰烬，
　　Then chiefly lives. 它依然流光溢彩。


第七篇:
　　The country Maid and Her Milk Can
　　村姑和牛奶罐

　　A country maid was walking along with a can of milk upon her head,when she fell into the following train of reflections."The money for which I shall sell this milk will enable me to increase my stock of eggs to three hundred,These eggs,allowing for what may prove addle,and what may be destroyed by vermin,will produce at least two hundred and fifty chickens.The chickens will be fit to carry to market just at the time when poultry is always dear;so that by the new year I cannot fail of having money enough to purchase a new gown.Green-let me consider-yes,green becomes my complexion best .and green it shall be, In this dress I will go to the fair,where all young fellows will strive to have me for a parter;but no-I shall refuse every one of them,and with a disdainful toss turn from them."

　　Transported with this idea,she could not forbear acting with her head the thought that passed in her mind,when down came the can of milk!And all her imaginary happiness vanished in a moment.

　　一个村姑头上顶着一罐牛奶在路上行走。走着走着，她的脑子里浮现出一连串的幻想：“我卖了这罐牛奶后，用这笔钱买鸡蛋，这样我有的鸡蛋可以增加到300个。用这300个鸡蛋孵小鸡，这就算有坏的、生虫的，至少也能孵出250只小鸡。等小鸡长大后，正好能赶上卖个好市价；那么到了新年，我就能有钱买一件新晚装。买一件绿色的——让我好好想想——对，绿色与我的肤色最相衬。我穿上这件衣服去赶集，所有的年轻小伙子都会抢着邀请我做舞伴；但是不行——我要轻蔑地把头一扬，转身过去不理他们，让他们人人都碰个钉子。

　　她想得得意忘形，情不自禁地把头一扬，刹那间，牛奶罐跌了下来！她幻想的一切幸福瞬间破灭了。


第八篇:
　　The Rainy Day　雨天
　　Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 亨利.沃兹渥斯.朗费罗

　　The day is cold,and dark,and dreary;
　　It rains,and the wind is never weary;
　　The vine still clings to the moldering wall,
　　But at every gust the dead leaves fall,
　　And the day is dark and dreary.

　　My life is cold and dark and dreary;
　　It rains and the wind is never weary;
　　My though still cling to the moldering past,
　　But the hopes of youth fall thick in the blast,
　　And the days are dark and dreary.

　　Be still,sad heart!And cease repining;
　　Behind the clouds is the sun still shining;
　　Thy fate is the common fate of all,
　　Into each life some rain must fall,
　　Some days must be dark and dreary.

　　天冷、阴暗、沉闷；
　　下着雨，风也刮个不停；
　　藤还攀附着颓垣残壁，
　　每来一阵狂风，枯叶附落纷纷，
　　天真是阴暗而沉闷。

　　我的生活寒冷、阴郁、沉闷；
　　下着雨，风也刮个不停；
　　我的思想还纠缠着消逝的往事，
　　大风里，我的青春希望相继熄灭，
　　天真是阴暗而沉闷。

　　安静吧，忧伤的心！别再悔恨；
　　乌云后面太阳依然辉煌灿烂；
　　你命运和大家的一样，
　　每个人一生都得逢上阴雨，
　　有些日子必然阴暗而沉闷。


第九篇：
　　Love 爱情

　　I love you not because of who you are,but because of who I am when I am with you.
　　我爱你，不是因为你是一个怎样的人，而是因为我喜欢与你在一起时的感觉。

　　No man or woman is worth your tears,and the one who is ,won't make you cry.
　　没有人值得你流泪，值得让你这么做的人不会让你哭泣。

　　The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
　　失去某人，最糟糕的莫过于，他近在身旁，却犹如远在天边。

　　Never frown,even when you are sad,because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
　　纵然伤心，也不要悉眉不展，因为你不知是谁会爱上你的笑容。

　　To the world you may be one person,but to one person you may be the world.
　　对于世界而言，你是一个人；但是对于某人，你是他的整个世界。

　　Don't waste your time on a man/woman,who isn't willing to waste their time on you.
　　不要为那些不愿在你身上花费时间的人而浪费你的时间。

　　Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to,doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
　　爱你的人如果没有按你所希望的方式爱你，那并不代表他们没有全心全意地爱你。

　　Don't try to hard,the best things come when you least expect them to.
　　不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。

　　Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one,so that when we finally meet the person,we will know how to be grateful.
　　在遇到梦中人之前，上天也许会安排我们先遇到别人；在我们终于遇见心仪的人时，便应当心存感激。

　　Don't cry because it is over,smile because it happened.
　　不要因为结束而哭泣，微笑吧，为你的曾经拥有。

　　Life is a pure flame,and we live by an invisible sun within us.-------Sir Thomas Browne
　　“生命是束纯净的火焰，我们依靠自己内心看不见的太阳而存在。”--------托马斯?布朗爵士


第十篇：
　　On the Feeling of Immortality in youth
　　有感于青春常在
　　William Hazlitt/威廉.赫兹里特

　　No young man believes he shall ever die.It was a saying of my brother's,and a fine one.There is a feeling of Eternity in youth,which makes us amend for everything.To be young is to be as one of the Immortal Gods.One half of time indeed is flown-the other half remains instore for us with all its countless treasures;for there is no line drawn,and we see no limit to our hopes and wishes.We make the coming age our own-
　　年轻人不相信自已会死。这是我哥哥的话，可算得一句妙语。青春有一种永生之感——它能弥补一切。人在青年时代好像一尊永生的神明。诚然，生命的一半已以消逝，但蕴藏着不尽财富的另一半还有所保留，我们对它也抱着无穷的希望和幻想。未来的时代完全属于我们——

　　The vast,the unbounded prospect lies before us.
　　无限辽阔的远景在我们面前展现

　　Death.old age.are words without a meaning.that pass by us like the idea air which we regardnot.Others may have undergone,or may still be liable to them-we "bear a charmed life",whichlaughs to scorn all such sickly fancies.As in setting out on delightful journey,we strain our eager gaze forward-
　　死亡，老年，不过是空话，毫无意义；我们听了，只耳边风，全不放在心上。这些事，别人也许经历过，或者可能要承受，但是我们自己，“在灵符护佑下度日”，对于诸如此类脆弱的念头，统统付之轻蔑的一笑。像是刚刚走上愉快的旅程，极目远眺——

　　Bidding the lovely scenes at distance hail!
　　向远方的美景欢呼！

　　-and see no end to the landscape,new objects presenting themselves as we advance;so,in thecommencement of life,we set no bounds to our inclinations.nor to the unrestricted opportunities of grastifying them.we have as yet found no obstacle,no disposition to flag;and it seems that we can go on so forever.We look round in a new world,full of life,and motion,and ceaseless progress;and feel in ourselves all the vigour and spirit to keep pace with it,and do not foresee from any present symptoms how we shall be left behind in the natural course of things,decline into old age,and drop into the grave.It is the simplicity,and as it were abstractedness of our feelings in youth,that(so to speak)identifies us with nature ,and(our experience being slight and our passions strong)deludes us into a belief of being immortal like it.Our short-lives connexion with existence we fondly flatter ourselves,is an indissoluble and lasting union-a honeymoon that knows neither coldness,jar,nor separation.As infants smile and sleep,we are rocked in the cradle of our wayward fancies,and lulled into security by the roar of the universe around us0we quaff the cup of life with eager haste without draining it,instead of which it only overflows the more-objects press around us,filling the mind with their magnitude and with the strong of desires that wait upon them,so that we have no room for the thoughts of death.
　　此时，但觉好风光应接不暇，而且，前程更有美不胜收的新鲜景致。在这生活的开端，我们听任自己的志趣驰骋，放手给它们一切满足的机会。到此为止，我们还没有碰上过什么障碍，也没有感觉到什么疲惫，因此觉得还可以一直这样向前走去，直到永远。我们看到四周一派新天地——生机盎然，变动不居，日新月异；我们觉得自己活力充盈，精神饱满，可与宇宙并驾齐驱。而且，眼前也无任何迹象可以证明，在大自然的发展过程中，我们自己也会落伍，衰老，进入坟墓。由于年轻人天真单纯，可以说是茫然无知，因而将自己跟大自然划上等号；并且，由于经验少而感情盛，误以为自己也能和大自然一样永世长存。我们一厢情愿，痴心妄想，竟把自己在世上的暂时栖身，当作千古不变、万事长存的结合，好像没有冷淡、争执、离别的密月。像婴儿带着微笑入睡，我们躺在用自己编织成的摇篮里，让大千世界的万籁之声催哄我们安然入梦；我们急切切，兴冲冲地畅饮生命之杯，怎么也不会饮干，反而好像永远是满满欲溢；森罗万象纷至沓来，各种欲望随之而生，使我们腾不出工夫想死亡。


第十一篇：
　　A Forever Friend
　　永远的朋友

　　"A friend walk in when the rest of the world walks out."
　　"别人都走开的时候，朋友仍与你在一起。”

　　Sometimes in life,
　　有时候在生活中，

　　You find a special friend;
　　你会找到一个特别的朋友;

　　Someone who changes your life just by being part of it.
　　他只是你生活中的一部分内容，却能改变你整个的生活。

　　Someone who makes you laugh until you can't stop;
　　他会把你逗得开怀大笑；

　　Someone who makes you believe that there really is good in the world.
　　他会让你相信人间有真情。

　　Someone who convinces you that there really is an unlocked door just waiting for you to open it.
　　他会让你确信，真的有一扇不加锁的门，在等待着你去开启。

　　This is Forever Friendship.
　　这就是永远的友谊。

　　when you're down,
　　当你失意，

　　and the world seems dark and empty,
　　当世界变得黯淡与空虚，

　　Your forever friend lifts you up in spirits and makes that dark and empty world suddenly seem bright and full.
　　你真正的朋友会让你振作起来，原本黯淡、空虚的世界顿时变得明亮和充实。

　　Your forever friend gets you through the hard times,the sad times,and the confused times.
　　你真正的朋友会与你一同度过困难、伤心和烦恼的时刻。

　　If you turn and walk away,
　　你转身走开时，

　　Your forever friend follows,
　　真正的朋友会紧紧相随，

　　If you lose you way,
　　你迷失方向时，

　　Your forever friend guides you and cheers you on.
　　真正的朋友会引导你，鼓励你。

　　Your forever friend holds your hand and tells you that everything is going to be okay.
　　真正的朋友会握着你的手，告诉你一切都会好起来的。

　　And if you find such a friend,
　　如果你找到了这样的朋友，

　　You feel happy and complete,
　　你会快乐，觉得人生完整，

　　Because you need not worry,
　　因为你无需再忧虑。

　　Your have a forever friend for life,
　　你拥有了一个真正的朋友，

　　And forever has no end.
　　永永远远，永无止境。


第十二篇：
　　The Cobbler and the banker
　　皮匠和银行家
　　La Fontaine/拉.封丹

　　A cobbler passed his time in singing from morning till night;it was wonderful to see,wonderful to hear him;he was more contented in shoes,than was any of the seven sages.
　　His neighbor,on the contrary,who was rolling in wealth,sung but little and slept less.He was a banker;when by chance he fell into a doze at day-break,the cobbler awoke him with his song.The banker complained sadly that Providence had not made sleep a saleable commodity,like edibles or drinkables.Having at length sent for the songster,he said to him,"How much a year do you earn,Master Gregory?" 
　　"How much a year,sir?"said the merry cobbler laughing,"I have reckon in that way,living as I do from one day to another;somehow I manage to reach the end of the year;each day brings its meal." 
　　"Well then!How much a day do you earn,my friend?" 
　　"Sometimes more,sometimes less;but the worst of it is,-and,without that our earnings would be very tolerable,-a number of days occur in the year on which we are forbidden to work;and the curate,moreover,is constantly adding some new saint to the list." 
　　The banker,laughing at his simplicity,said,"In the future I shall place you above want.Take this hundred crowns,preserve them carefully,and make use of them in time of need." 
　　The cobbler fancied he beheld all the wealth which the earth had produced in the past century for the use of mankind.Returning home,he buried his money and his happiness at the same time,No more singin;he lost his voice,the moment he acquired that which is the source of so much grief.Sleep quitted his dwelling;and cares,suspicions,and false alarms took its place,All day,his eye wandered in the direction of his treasure;and at night,if some stray cat made a noise,the cat was robbing him.At length the poor man ran to the house of his rich neighbor;"Give my back." said he,"sleep and my voice,and take your hundred crowns." 
　　一个皮匠从早到晚在唱歌中度过。无论见到他本人或听见他的歌声都使人觉得很愉快。他对于制鞋工作比当上了希腊七个执政官还要满足。
　　与此相反，他的邻居是个银行家，拥有万贯家财，却很少唱歌，晚上也睡得不好。他偶尔在黎明时分迷迷糊糊刚入睡，皮匠的歌声便于工作把他吵醒了。银行家郁郁寡欢地抱怨上帝没有睡眠也制成一种像食品或饮料那样可以买卖的商品。后来，银行家就叫人把这位歌手请来，问道：“格列戈里师傅，你一年赚多少钱？”
　　“先生，你问我一年赚多少钱吗？”快乐的皮匠笑道：“我从来不算这笔帐，我是一天一天地过日子，总而言之坚持到年底，每天挣足三餐。”
　　“啊，朋友，那么你一天赚多少钱呢？”
　　“有时多一点，有时少一点；不过最糟糕的是一年中总有些日子不准我们做买卖，牧师又常常在圣徒名单上添新名字，否则我们的收入也还算不错的。”
　　银行家被皮匠的直率逗笑了，他说：“我要你从今以后不愁没钱用。这一百枚钱你拿去，小心放好，需要时拿来用吧。”
　　皮匠觉得自己好像看到了过去几百年来大地为人类所需而制造出来的全部财富。他回到家中，埋藏好硬币，同时也埋葬了他的快乐。他不再唱歌了；从他得到这种痛苦的根源那一刻起，他的嗓子就哑了。睡眠与他分手；取而代之的却是担心、怀疑、虚惊。白天，他的目光尽朝埋藏硬币的方向望；夜间，如果有只迷途的猫弄出一点声响，他就以为是有人来抢他的钱。最后，这个可怜的皮匠跑到他那富有的邻居家里说：“把你的一百枚钱拿回去，还我的睡眠和歌声来。”


第十三篇：
　　A Greek to Remember
　　一位值得纪念的希腊人

　　Diogenes was a famous Greek philosopher of the fourth century B.C.,who established the philosophy of cynicism.He often walked about in the daytime holding a lighted lantern,peering around as if he were looking for something.When auestioned about his odd behavior,he would reply,"I am searching for an honest man."
　　Diogenes held that the good man was self-sufficient and did not require material comforts or wealth.He believed that wealth and possessions constrained humanity's natural state of freedom.In keeping with his philosophy,he was perefectly satisfied with making his home in a large tub discarded from the temple of Cybele,the goddess of nature.This earthen tub,called a pithos,and formerly been used for holding wine or oil for the sacrifices at the temple.
　　One day,Alexander the Great ,conqueror of half the civilized world,saw Diogenes sitting in this tub in the sunshine .So the king,surrounded by his countries,approached Diogenes and said,"I am Alexander the Great."The philosopher replied rather contemptuously,"I am Diogenes,the Cynic."Alexander then asked him if he could help him in any way.
　　"Yes,"shot back Diogenes,"don't stand between me and the sun."A surprised Alexander then replied quickly,"If I were not Alexander,I would be Diogenes."
　　提奥奇尼斯是公元前四世纪一位著名的希腊哲学家,就是他创立了犬儒派哲学。他经常在白天点着灯笼四处走动、张望，像是在找什么东西似的。哪人们问起他这古怪行为时，他会回答说：“我正在寻找正人君子。”
　　提奥奇尼斯认为好人是自给自足的，不需要物质享受和财富。他认为财富、财产束缚了人们天生的自由状态。与他的哲学相一致，他拿一个从别人从自然之母的庙里丢弃的大坛作为自己的家，还对此万分满意。这个陶制的大坛叫做圣坛，过去在庙里是用来盛装祭祀用的酒和油的。
　　一天，征服了半个文明世界的亚历山大大帝看见提奥奇尼斯坐在大坛里晒太阳。于是这位君主在大臣们的簇拥下走过去，对提奥奇尼斯说：“我是亚历山大大帝。”哲学家相当傲慢地回答说：“我是提奥奇尼斯————犬儒学者。”然后亚历山大问他是否需要任何帮助。
　　“是的”，提奥奇尼斯驳回道，“别站在我和太阳之间。”大吃一惊的亚历大继而迅速回答道：“假如我不是亚历山大，我就会是提奥奇斯。”


第十四篇：
　　Friends
　　朋友

　　A true friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
　　真正的朋友是一个可以援手帮助并感动你心扉的人。

　　There's always going to be people that hurt you,so what you have to do is keep on trusting and just be more careful about who you trust next time around.
　　别人常常伤害你，所以你该继续付出信任，并小心挑选你下次信任的人。

　　Make youself a better person and know who you are before you try and know someone else and expect them to know you.
　　在你想了解别人也想让别人了解你之前，先完善并了解自己。

　　Remember:Whatever happens,happens for a reason.
　　要记住：任何事情的发生都有因有起。

　　How many people actually have 8 true friends?Hardly anyone I know.But some of us have all right friends and good friends.
　　有多少人可以拥有八个真正的朋友？就我所知少之又少。但我们会有泛泛之交和好友。


第十五篇：
　　The More Loving One
　　让我们成为更有爱心的人
　　W.H.Auden/W.H.奥登

　　Looking up at the stars, I know quite well 仰望群星的时分，我一清二楚，
　　That, for all they care, I can go to hell, 尽管它们关怀备至，我亦有可能赴地府，
　　But on earth indifference is the least 可是尘世间我们丝毫不必畏惧
　　We have to dread from man or beast. 人类或禽兽的那份冷漠。

　　How should we like it were stars to burn 倘若群星燃烧着关怀我们的激情，
　　With a passion for us we could not return? 我们却无法回报，我们作何感想？
　　If equal affection cannot be, 倘若无法产生同样的感情，
　　Let the more loving one be me. 让我成为更有爱心的人。

　　Admirer as I think I am 尽管我自视为群星的崇拜者，
　　Of stars that do not give a damn, 它们满不在乎，
　　I cannot, now I see them ,say 现在我看群星，我却难以启齿，
　　I missed one terribly all day. 说我成天思念一颗星星。

　　Were all stars to disappear or die 倘若所有的星星消失或者消亡，
　　I should learn to look at an empty sky 我应该学会仰望空荡的天空，
　　And feel its total dark sublime, 同时感受天空一片漆黑的崇高，
　　Though this might take me a little time. 虽然这样可能要花费一点时间。


第十六篇：
　　If I were a Boy Again
　　假如我又回到了童年
　　Anonymous/无名氏

　　If I were a boy again, I would practice perseverance more often, and never give up a thing because it was or inconvenient. If we want light, we must conquer darkness. Perseverance can sometimes equal genius in its results. “There are only two creatures,” syas a proverb, “who can surmount the pyramids—the eagle and the snail.”
　　If I were a boy again, I would school myself into a habit of attention; I would let nothing come between me and the subject in hand. I would remember that a good skater never tries to skate in two directions at once.
　　The habit of attention becomes part of our life, if we begain early enough. I often hear grown up people say “ I could not fix my attention on the sermon or book, although I wished to do so” , and the reason is, the habit was not formed in youth.
　　If I were to live my life over again, I would pay more attention to the cultivation of the memory. I would strengthen that faculty by every possible means, and on every possible occasion. It takes a little hard work at first to remember things accurately; but memory soon helps itself, and gives very little trouble. It only needs early cultivation to become a power.

　　假如我又回到了童年，我做事要更有毅力，决不因为事情艰难或者麻烦而撒手不干，我们要光明，就得征服黑暗。
　　毅力在效果上有时能同天才相比。俗话说：“能登上金字塔的生物，只有两种——鹰和蜗牛。”
　　假如我又回到了童年，我就要养成专心致志的习惯；有事在手，就决不让任何东西让我分心。我要牢记：优秀的滑冰手从不试图同时滑向两个不同的方向。
　　如果及早养成这种专心致志的习惯，它将成为我们生命的一部分。我常听成年人说：“虽然我希望能集中注意听牧师讲道或读书，但往往做不到。”而原因就是年轻时没有养成这种习惯。
　　假如我现在能重新开始我的生命，我就要更注意记忆力的培养。我要采取一切可能的办法，并且在一切可能的场合，增强记忆力。要正确无误地记住一些东西，在开始阶段的确要作出一番小小的努力；但要不了多久，记忆力本身就会起作用，使记忆成为轻而易举的事，只需及早培养，记忆自会成为一种才能。

　　If I were a boy again, I would cultivate courage. “Nothing is so mild and gentle as courage, nothing so cruel and pitiless as cowardice,” syas a wise author.
　　We too often borrow trouble, and anticipate that may never appear.” The fear of ill exceeds the ill we fear.” Dangers will arise in any career, but presence of mind will often conquer the worst of them. Be prepared for any fate, and there is no harm to be freared.
　　If I were a boy again, I would look on the cheerful side. Life is very much like a mirror: if you smile upon it, I smiles back upon you; but if you frown and look doubtful on it, you will get a similar look in return.
　　Inner sunshine warms not only the heart of the owner, but of all that come in contact with it. “ who shuts love out ,in turn shall be shut out from love.”
　　If I were a boy again, I would school myself to say no more often. I might write pages on the importance of learning very early in life to gain that point where a young boy can stand erect, and decline doing an unworthy act because it is unworthy.
　　If I were a boy again, I would demand of myself more courtesy towards my companions and friends, and indeed towards strangers as well. The smallest courtesies along the rough roads of life are like the little birds that sing to us all winter long, and make that season of ice and snow more endurable.
　　Finally, instead of trying hard to be happy, as if that were the sole purpose of life, I would , if I were a boy again, I would still try harder to make others happy.

　　假如我又回到了童年，我就要培养勇气。一位明智的作家曾说过：“世上没有东西比勇气更温文尔雅，也没有东西比懦怯更残酷无情。”
　　我们常常过多地自寻烦恼，杞人忧天。“怕祸害比祸害本身更可怕。”凡事都有危险，但镇定沉着往往能克服最严重的危险。对一切祸福做好准备，那么就没有什么灾难可以害怕的了。
　　假如我又回到了童年，我就要事事乐观。生活犹如一面镜子：你朝它笑，它也朝你笑；如果你双眉紧锁，向它投以怀疑的目光，它也将还以你同样的目光。
　　内心的欢乐不仅温暖了欢乐者自己的心，也温暖了所有与之接触者的心。“谁拒爱于门外，也必将被爱拒诸门外。”
　　假如我又回到了童年，我就要养成经常说“不”字的习惯。一个少年要能挺得起腰，拒绝做不应该做的事，就因为这事不值得做。我可以写上好几页谈谈早年培养这一点的重要性。
　　假如我又回到了童年，我就要要求自己对伙伴和朋友更加礼貌，而且对陌生人也应如此。在坎坷的生活道路上，最细小的礼貌犹如在漫长的冬天为我们歌唱的小鸟，那歌声使冰天雪地的寒冬变得较易忍受。
　　最后，假如我又回到了童年，我不会力图为自己谋幸福，好像这就是人生唯一的目的；与之相反，我要更努力为他人谋幸福。


第十七篇：
　　Words To Live By
　　生活的忠告
　　Anonymous/无名氏

　　I’ll give you some advice about life.
　　给你生活的忠告

　　Eat more roughage;
　　多吃些粗粮；

　　Do more than others expect you to do and do it pains;
　　给别人比他们期望的更多，并用心去做；

　　Remember what life tells you;
　　熟记生活告诉你的一切；

　　Don’t take to heart every thing you hear.
　　Don’t spend all that you have.
　　Don’t sleep as long as you want;
　　不要轻信你听到的每件事，不要花光你的所有，不要想睡多久就睡多久；

　　Whenever you say” I love you”, please say it honestly;
　　无论何时说“我爱你”，请真心实意；

　　Whevever you say” I’m sorry”, please look into the other person’s eyes;
　　无论何时说“对不起”，请看对方的眼睛；

　　Fall in love at first sight;
　　相信一见钟情；

　　Don’t neglect dreams;
　　请不要忽视梦想；

　　Love deeply and ardently, even if there is pain, but this is the way to make your life complete;
　　深情热烈地爱，也许会受伤，但这是使人生完整的唯一方法；

　　Find a way to settle, not to dispute;
　　用一种明确的方法解决争议，不要冒犯；

　　Never judge people by their appearance;
　　永远不要以貌取人；

　　Speak slowly, but think quickly;
　　慢慢地说，但要迅速地想；

　　When someone asks you a question you don’t want to answer, simle and say, “Why do you want to know?”
　　当别人问你不想回答的问题时，笑着说：“你为什么想知道？”

　　Remember that the man who can shoulder the most risk will gain the deepest love and the supreme accomplishment;
　　记住：那些敢于承担最大风险的人才能得到最深的爱和最大的成就；

　　Call you mother on the phone. If you can’t, you may think of her in your heart;
　　给妈妈打电话，如果不行，至少在心里想着她；

　　When someone sneezes say, “God bless you”;
　　当别人打喷嚏时，说一声“上帝保佑”；

　　If you fail, don’t forget to learn your lesson;
　　如果你失败了，千万别忘了汲取教训；

　　Remember the three “ respects” .Respect yourself, respect others, stand on dignity and pay attention to your behavior;
　　记住三个“尊”： 尊重你自己； 尊重别人； 保持尊严， 对自己的行为负责；

　　Don’t let a little dispute break up a great friendship;
　　不要让小小的争端损毁了一场伟大的友谊；

　　Whenever you find your wrongdoing, be quick with reparation!
　　无论何时你发现自己做错了，竭尽所能去弥补；动作要快！

　　Whenever you make a phone call smil when you pick up the phone, because someone feel it!
　　无论什么时候打电话，摘起话筒的时候请微笑，因为对方能感觉到！

　　Marry a person who likes talking; because when you get old, you’ll find that chatting to be a great advantage;
　　找一个你爱聊的人结婚；因为年纪大了后，你会发觉喜欢聊天是一个人最大的优点；

　　Find time for yourself.
　　找点时间，单独呆会儿；

　　Life will change what you are but not who you are;
　　欣然接受改变，但不要摒弃你的个人理念；

　　Remember that silence is golden;
　　记住：沉默是金；

　　Read more books and watch less television;
　　多看点书，少看点电视；

　　Live a noble and honest life. Reviving past times in your old age will help you to enjoy your life again;
　　过一种高尚而诚实的生活。当你年老时回想起过去，你就能再一次享受人生。

　　Trust God, but don’t forget to lock the door;
　　相信上帝，但是别忘了锁门；

　　The harmonizing atmosphere of a family is valuable;
　　家庭的融洽氛围是难能可贵的；

　　Try your best to let family harmony flow smoothly;
　　尽你的能力让家平顺和谐；

　　When you quarrel with a close friend, talk about the main dish, don’t quibble over the appetizers;
　　当你和你的亲近的人吵嘴时候，试着就事论事，不要扯出那些陈芝麻、烂谷子的事；

　　You cannot hold onto yesterday;
　　不要摆脱不了昨天；

　　Figure out the meaning of someone’s words;
　　多注意言下之意；

　　Share your knowledge to continue a timeless tradition;
　　和别人分享你的知识，那才是永恒之道；

　　Treat our earth in a friendly way,don’t fool around with mother nature;
　　善待我们的地球，不要愚弄自然母亲；

　　Do the thing you should do;
　　做自己该做的事；

　　Don’t trust a lover who kisses you without closing their eyes;
　　不要相信接吻时从不闭眼的伴侣；

　　Go to a place you’ve never been to every year.
　　每年至少去一个你从没去过的地方。

　　If you earn much money,the best way to spend it is on charitable deeds while you are alive;
　　如果你赚了很多钱，在活着的时候多行善事，这是你能得到的最好回报；

　　Remember,not all the best harvest is luck;
　　记住有时候，不是最好的收获也是一种好运；

　　Understand rules completely and change them reasonably;
　　深刻理解所有的规则，合理地更新他们；

　　Remember,the best love is to love others unconditionally rather than make demands on them;
　　记住，最好的爱存在于对别人的爱胜于对别人的索求这上；

　　Comment on the success you have attained by looking in the past at the target you wanted to
achieve most;
　　回头看看你发誓取得的目标，然后评价你到底有多成功；

　　In love and cooking,you must give 100% effort……but expect little appreciation;
　　无论是烹饪不是爱情，都用百分之百的负责态度对待，但是不要乞求太多的回报。


第十八篇：
　　A psalm of life
　　人生礼颂
　　Herry Wadsworth Longfellow/享利.沃兹渥斯.朗费罗

　　Tell me not in mournful numbers, 请别用哀伤的诗句对我讲；
　　Life is but an empty dream! 人生呵，无非是虚梦一场！
　　For the soul is dead that slumbers 因为沉睡的灵魂如死一般，
　　And things are not what they seem. 事物的表里并不一样。

　　Life is real! Life is earnest! 人生是实在的！人生是热烈的！
　　And the grave is not its goal; 人生的目标决不是坟墓；
　　Dust thou art , to dust returnest, 你是尘土，应归于尘土。
　　Was not spoken of the soul. 此话指的并不是我们的精神。

　　Not enjoyment , and not sorrow, 我们的归宿并不是快乐，
　　Is our destined and our way; 也不是悲伤，
　　But to act, 实干
　　That much to-morrow. 才是我们的道路，
　　Find us farther than to-day. 每天不断前进，蒸蒸蒸日上。

　　Art is long , and time is fleeting. 光阴易逝，而艺海无涯，
　　And our hearts , though stout and brave. 我们的心哪——虽然勇敢坚强，
　　Still , like muffled drums , are beating 却像被布蒙住的铜鼓，
　　Funeral marches to the grave。常把殡葬的哀乐擂响。

　　In the world’s broad field of battle, 在这人生的宿营地，
　　In the bivouac of Life, 在这辽阔的世界战场，
　　Be not like dumb,driven cattle! 别做无言的牲畜任人驱赶，
　　Be a hero in the strife! 做一名英雄汉立马横枪！

　　Trust no future.howe’er pleasant! 别相信未来，哪怕未来多么欢乐！
　　Let the dead Past bury its dead! 让死去的往昔将死亡一切埋葬！
　　Act,act in the living Present! 上帝在上，我们胸怀勇气，
　　Heart within,and God O’erhead! 行动吧———趁现在活着的好时光！

　　Lives of great men all remind us 伟人的生平使我们想起，
　　We can make our lives sublime, 我们能使自己的一生变得高尚！
　　And departing,leave behind us 当我们辞别人间，
　　Footprints on the sands of time; 能把足迹留在时间的流沙上，

　　Footprints that perhaps another, 也许有个遭了船灾的苦难弟兄，
　　Sailing o’er life solemn main, 他曾在庄严的人生大海中飘航，
　　A forlorn and shipwrecked brother, 见到我们的脚印，
　　Seeing,shall take heart again, 又会满怀信心。

　　Let us,then,be up and doing, 让我们起来干吧，
　　With a heart for any fate; 下定决心，不管遭遇怎样；
　　Still achieving,still pursuing 不断胜利，不断追求，
　　Learn to labour and to wait. 要学会苦干和耐心等待。


第十九篇：
　　Self-Awareness
　　自我意识
　　Virginia Woolf/弗吉尼亚.吴尔夫

　　The man who is aware of himself is henceforth independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with profound yet temperate happiness. He alone lives, while other people, slaves of ceremony, let life slip past time in a kind of dream. Once conform ,once do what other people do finer than they do it, and a lethargy steals over all the finer nerves and faculties of the soul, He becomes all outer show and inward emptiness; dull, callous, and indifferent.
　　凡是意识到自我的人从今往后才是独立的；他永远不知疲倦，他明白生命苦短，所以完全沉浸于深深的而又适度的幸福之中。他独立生活，而别人是繁文缛节的奴隶，在醉生梦死之中听从生命悄然流逝。一旦循规蹈矩，一旦人为亦为，呆滞就笼罩着灵魂中一切灵敏的神经和官能。灵魂变得徒有其表，其中空空；迟钝，木然、冷漠。


第二十篇：
　　The Flight of youth
　　青春的飞逝
　　Richard Henry Stoddard/理查德.亨利.斯托达德

　　There are gains for all our losses. 我们失去的一切都能得到补偿，
　　There are balms for all our pain; 我们所有的痛苦都能得到安慰；
　　But when youth,the dream,departs 可是梦境似的青春一旦消逝，
　　It takes something from our hearts, 它带走了我们心中的某种美好，
　　And it never comes again. 从此一去不复返。

　　We are stronger, and are better, 我们变得日益刚强、更臻完美，
　　Under manhood’s sterner reign; 在严峻的成年生活驱使下；
　　Still we feel that something sweet 可是依然感到甜美的情感，
　　Following youth, with flying feet, 已随着青春飞逝，
　　And will never come again. 不再返回。

　　Something beautiful is vanished, 美好已经消逝，
　　And we sigh for it in vain; 我们枉自为此叹息；
　　We behold it everywhere, 尽管在天地之间，
　　On the earth, and in the air, 我们处处能见青春的魅力，
　　But it never comes again! 可是它不再返回！


第二十一篇：
　　Discovery
　　发现
　　Diane Ackerman/迪安.阿克曼

　　The word “discovery” literally means, uncovering something that’s hidden from view. But what really happens is a change in the viewer. The familiar offers comfort few can resist, and fewer still want to disturb. But as relatively recent inventions such as the telescope and microscope have taught us, the unknown has many layers. Every truth has geological strata, and you can’t have an orthodoxy without a heresy.
　　The moment a newborn opens its eyes, discovery begins. I learned this with a laugh one morning after delivering a calf. When it lifted up its fluffy head and looked at me, its eyes held the absolute bewilderment of the newly born. A moment before it had the even black nowhere of the womb, and suddenly its world was full of colour, movement and noise. I’ve never seen anything so shocked to be alive.
　　“发现”一词，字面上是指揭开某种视线以外的隐藏的事物。不过其实是观察者自身发生了变化。很少人能抗拒熟悉事物带来的舒适，愿意扰乱这种舒适的人更少。然而，正如望远镜、显微镜这些较为近期的发明所揭示给我们的，求知事物具有多种层次。每个事实都有地质层次，没有异端也就无所谓正统。
　　新生儿睁开双眼的那一刻起，发现也就开始了。我是在一天清晨给一头小牛犊接生的时候突然意识到这一点的，不禁大笑。小牛仰起毛茸茸的脑袋看着我，目光中透出这个新生命对世界的一无所知。片刻这前，它还呆在母体里某个黑暗而平静的地方，突然，它的世界变得五光十色，变得活泼而喧闹。我从未见过任何东西在获得生命时是如些的惊异。


第二十二篇：
　　To all my friends and loved ones
　　Love from me
　　Useful Perspective
　　致朋友们以及我所爱的人们
　　这是一份爱的礼物
　　也是一席金玉良言
　　If the world were a Village of 100 People
　　如果世界是个一百人的村落
　　David J.Smith/大卫.史密斯Shelath Armstrory／谢拉.阿姆斯壮

　　If we could shrink the earth’s population to a village of precisely 100 people, with all the exsting human ratios remaining the same, it would look something like the following:
　　如果我们把全世界的人口按照现有压缩为一个１００人的村子，情况就会如同以下：

　　There would be:
　　57 Asians
　　21 Europeans
　　10 from the Western Hemisphere, both north and south
　　8 Africans
　　这个村子里有：
　　57 人是亚洲人
　　21 人是欧洲人
　　14 人来自西半球的南、北美洲
　　8 人是非洲人

　　52 would be female
　　48 would be male
　　52 人是女性
　　48 人是男性

　　70 would be non-while
　　30 would be white
　　70 人是有色人种
　　30 人是白人

　　70 would be non-christian
　　30 would be Christian
　　70 人是非基督教徒
　　30 人是基督徒

　　89 would be heterosexual
　　11 would be homosexual
　　89 人是异性恋者
　　11 人是同性恋者

　　6 people would possess 59% of the entire world’s wealth
　　and all 6 would be from the United States.
　　6 人拥有全世界59％的财富
　　而且这6 人全是美国人

　　80 would live in substandard housing
　　70 would be unable to read
　　50 would suffer from malnutrition
　　1 would be near death; 1 would be near birth
　　80 人的居住环境不达标准
　　70 人是文盲
　　50 人苦于营养不良
　　1 人濒临死亡边缘；1 人正要出生

　　1(yes, only 1) would have a college education
　　１ would own a computer
　　1 人（是的，只有１人)会接受大学教育
　　1 人拥有电脑

　　When one considers our world from such a compressed perspective, the need for acceptance, understanding and education becomes glaringly apparent.
　　透过这个压缩图来放眼我们的世界，就会明晓接纳他人、谅解以及教育是何等重要。

　　The following is also something to ponder……
　　再从以下角度来想想看……

　　If you woke pup this morning with more health than illness……you are more blessed than the million who will not survive this week.
　　如果你早上醒来的时候健康无恙……那么，比起活不过这一周的百万人来说，你真是幸运多了。

　　If you have never experienced the danger of battle, the loneliness of imprisonment, the agony of torture, or the pangs of starvation…you are ahead of 500 million people in the world.
　　如果你未曾经历过战争的危险、入狱的孤独、严刑的苦楚、饥饿的痛苦……那么，比起世界上５亿人来，你真是幸运多了。

　　If you have food in the refrigerator, clothes on your back, a roof overhead and a place to sleep…you are richer than 75% of this world.
　　如果你冰箱里有食物，身上有衣服可穿，有屋篷遮蔽，有地方睡觉……那么，比起世界上７５％的人来，你真是富足多了。

　　If you have money in the bank, in your wallet, and spare change in dish someplace…you are among the top 8% of the world’s wealth.
　　如果你银行中有存款，钱包中也有钱，还能到某处消费习菜……你便跻身在世界上最富有的８％人口当中了。

　　If your parents are still alive and still married…you are very rare, even in the United Stated and Canada.
　　如果你的父母依然健在，而且还在一起生活的话……这可是非常难得的事，即使是在美国与加拿大。

　　Someone once said: What goes around comes around.
　　有人说过：我所付出的终将会回归。

　　So…
　　Work live you don’t need the money.
　　Love like you’ve never been hurt.
　　Dance like nobody’s watching.
　　Sing like nobody’s listening.
　　Live like it’s Heaven on Earth.
　　所以……
　　去工作时，犹如你不执迷于金钱。
　　去爱他人，犹如你从未曾被伤害。
　　去舞蹈吧，犹如无人在一旁观看。
　　去歌唱吧，犹如无人在一边谛听。
　　好好地生活，犹如这里是人间乐土。


第二十三篇：
　　Three Days to See
　　假如拥有三天光明
　　Helen Keller/海伦.凯勒

　　All of us have read thrilling stories in which the hero had only a limited and specified time to live. Sometimes it was as long as a year; sometimes as short as twenty-four hours, but always we were interested in discovering just how the doomed man chose to spend his last days or his last hours. I speak, of course, of free men who have a choice, not condemned criminals whose sphere of activities is strictly delimited.

　　Such stories set up thinking, wondering what we should do under similar circumstances. What associations should we crowd into those last hours as mortal beings? What happiness should we find in reviewing the past, what regrets?
　　Sometimes I have thought it would be an excellent rule to live each day as if we should die tomorrow. Such an attitude would emphasize sharply the values of life. We should live each day with a gentleness, a vigor, and a keenness of appreciation which are often lost when time stretches before us in the constant panorama of more days and months and years to come. There are those, of course, who would adopt the epicurean motto of “Eat, drink, and be merry,” most people would be chastened by the certainty of impending death.
　　我们都读过这样一些动人的故事，故事里主人公将不久于人世。长则一年，短则２４小时。但是我们总是很想知道这个即将离开人世的人是决定怎样度过他最后的日子的。当然，我所指的是有权作出选择的自由人，不是那些活动范围受到严格限制的死囚。
　　这一类故事会使我们思考在类似的处境下，我们自己该做些什么？在那临终前的几个小时里我们会产生哪些联想？会有多少欣慰和遗憾呢？
　　有时我想，把每天都当作生命的最后一天来度过也不失为一个很好的生命法则。这种人生态度使人非常重视人生的价值。每一天我们都应该以和善的态度、充沛的精力和热情的欣赏来度过，而这些恰恰是在来日方长时往往被我们忽视的东西。当然，有这样一些人奉行享乐主义的座右铭——吃喝玩乐，但是大多数人却不能摆脱死亡来临的恐惧。
　　Most of us take life for granted. We know that one day we must die, but usually we picture that day as far in the future, when we are in buoyant health, death is all but unimaginable. We seldom think of it. The days stretch out in an endless vista. So we go about our petty task, hardly aware of our listless attitude towards life.
　　The same lethargy, I am afraid, characterizes the use of our faculties and senses. Only the deaf appreciate hearing, only the blind realize the manifold blessings that lie in sight. Particularly does this observation apply to those who have lost sight and hearing in adult life. But those who have never suffered impairment of sight or hearing seldom make the fullest use of these blessed faculties. Their eyes and ears take in all sights and sound hazily, without concentration, and with little appreciation. It is the same old story of not being grateful for what we conscious of health until we are ill.
　　I have often thought it would be a blessing if each human being were stricken blind and deaf for a few days at some time during his early adult life. Darkness would make him more appreciative of sight; silence would teach him the joys of sound. Now and then I have tested my seeing friends to discover what they see. Recently I was
　　visited by a very good friend who had just returned from a long walk in the woods, and I asked her what she had observed. “Nothing in particular,” she replied. I might have been incredulous had I not been accustomed to such responses, for long ago I became convinced that the seeing see little.
　　我们大多数人认为生命理所当然，我们明白总有一天我们会死去，但是我们常常把这一天看得非常遥远。当我们身体强壮时，死亡便成了难以相象的事情了。我们很少会考虑它，日子一天天过去，好像没有尽头。所以我们为琐事奔波，并没有意识到我们对待生活的态度是冷漠的。
　　我想我们在运用我们所有五官时恐怕也同样是冷漠的。只有聋子才珍惜听力，只有盲人才能认识到能见光明的幸运。对于那些成年致盲或失陪的人来说尤其如此。但是那些听力或视力从未遭受损失的人却很少充分利用这些幸运的能力，他们对所见所闻不关注、不欣赏。
　　这与常说的不失去不懂得珍贵，不生病不知道健康可贵的道理是一样的。
　　我常想如果每一个人在他成年的早些时候，有几天成为了聋子或瞎子也不失为一件幸事。黑暗将使他更珍惜光明；沉寂将教他知道声音的乐趣。
　　有时我会试探我的非盲的朋友们，想知道他们看见了什么。最近我的一位非常要好的朋友来看我，她刚刚在树林里走了很长时间，我问她看见了什么。“没什么特别的，”她回答说。
　　如不是我早已习惯了这样的回答，我也许不会轻易相信，因为很久以前我就相信了有眼人看不见什么。
　　How was it possible, I asked myself, to walk for an hour through the woods and see nothing worthy of note? I who cannot see find hundreds of things to interest me through mere touch. I feel the delicate symmetry of a leaf. I pass my hands lovingly about the smooth skin of a silver birch, or the rough shaggy bark of a pine. In spring I touch the branches of trees hopefully in search of a bud, the first sign of awakening Nature after her winter’s sleep I feel the delightful, velvety texture of a flower, and discover its remarkable convolutions; and something of the miracle of Nature is revealed to me. Occasionally, if I am very fortunate, I place my hand gently in a small tree and feel the happy quiver of a bird in full song. I am delighted to have cool waters of a brook rush through my open fingers. To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug. To me the pageant of seasons is a thrilling and unending drama, the action of which streams through my finger tips. At times my heart cries out with longing to see all these things. If I can get so much pleasure from mere touch, how much more beauty must be revealed by sight. Yet, those who have eyes apparently see little. The panorama of color and action fill the world is taken for granted. It is human, perhaps, to appreciate little that which we have and to long for that which we have not, but it is a great pity that in the world of light and the gift of sight is used only as mere convenience rather that as a means of adding fullness to life.
　　Oh, the things that I should see if I had the power of sight for three days!
　　我问自己在树林中走了一小时，怎么可能什么值得注意的东西都没有看到呢？而我一个盲人仅仅通过触摸就发现了数以百计的有趣的东西。我感到树叶的对称美，用手摸着白桦树光滑的树皮或是松树那粗糙的厚厚的树皮。春天里我满怀着希望触摸着树枝寻找新芽，那是大自然冬眼后醒来的第一个征象。我感到了花朵的可爱和茸茸的感觉，发现它层层叠叠地绽开着，大自然的神奇展现在我的面前。当我把手轻轻地放在一棵小树上，如果幸运的话，偶尔会感到歌唱的小鸟欢快的颤动。我会愉快地让清凉的溪水从手之间流过。对我来说，满地厚厚的松针和松软的草坪比奢华的波斯地毯更惹人喜爱。对我来说四季变换的景色如同一场动人心魄的不会完结的戏剧，剧中的人物动作从我的指尖流过。我的心不时在呐喊，带着对光明的渴望。既然仅仅通过触摸就能使我获得如此多的喜悦，那么光明定会展示更多美好的事物啊。可惜的是那些有眼睛的人分明看到很少，整个世界缤纷的色彩和万物的活动都被认为是理所当然。也许不珍惜已经拥有的，想得到还没有得到的是人的特点，但是在光明的世界里只把视觉用做一种方便的工具，而不是丰富生活的工具，这是令人多么遗憾的事情啊。
　　噢，假如我拥有三天光明，我将会看见多少事物啊！

第二十四篇：
　　Genius at Work
　　天才在工作

　　Henry Ford didn’t always pay attention in school. One day ,he and a friend took a watch apart. Angry and upset, the teacher told him both to stay after school. Their punishment was to stay until they had fixed the watch. But the teacher did not know young Ford’s genius. In ten minutes, this mechanical wizard had repaired the watch and was on this way home..
　　Ford was always interested in how things worked. He once plugged up the spout of a teapot and placed it on the fire. Then he waited to see what would happen. The water boiled and, of course, turned to steam. Since the steam had no way to escape, the teapot exploded. The explosion cracked a mirror and broke a window. The young inventor was badly scalded
　　Ford’s year of curiosity and tinkering paid off. He dreamed of a horseless carriage. When he built one, the world of transportation was changed forever.
　　亨利.福特在学校里常常心不在焉。有一天，他和一个小朋友把一块手表拆开了。老师很生气，让他们放学后留下来，把表修好才能回家。当时这位老师并不知道小福特的天才。只用了十分钟，这位机械奇才就把手表修好，走在回家的路上了。
　　福特对各种东西的工作原理总是很感兴趣。曾有一次，他把茶壶嘴用东西堵住，然后把茶壶放在火炉上。他便站在一边等候着会出现什么情况。当然，水开后变成了水蒸气。因为水蒸气无处逸出，茶壶便爆炸了，因而打碎了一面镜子和一扇窗户。这个小发明家也被严重地烫伤了。
　　多年后，福特的好奇心和他的动手能力使他得到了回报。他曾经梦想着去制造一辆无马行进的车。他造成了一辆这样的车后，运输界发生了永久性的变化。
